Java
1. Explain public static void main(String [] args) in java
2. Is Java a pure object oriented language or not? If not why?
3. What is the difference between == and .equals() in Java? Give an example where == fails 
for Strings.
4. Explain the concept of method overriding vs method overloading with rules? Where do you 
use in automation framework?
5. What is the difference between final, finally, and finalize()?
6. Explain this and super keywords with examples?
7. What is the purpose of Throw and Throws keyword in java?
8. What is constructor in java and explain its type?
9. What is the difference between Array and ArrayList?

Coding:
1. Write a program to remove duplicate elements from an array
Input: [8,5,6,1,8,9,6,5]
Output: [1, 5, 6, 8, 9]
2. Write a Java Program to remove white spaces from a given string
Input: Bebo Technologies Pvt. Ltd
Output: BeboTechnologiesPvt.Ltd
3. Write a program to find the largest and smallest number in an array without using any built 
in functions
Input: {5,2,8,1,9,3,7}
Output: Largest Number: 9
Smallest Number: 1
4. Write a program to reverse each word in string while keeping the words in their original 
positions without using built in reverse methods
Input: automation testing
Output: noitamotua gnitset
5. Write a program to find the missing number in an array
Input: [1, 2, 4, 5, 6]
Output: 3
6. Write a program to find and print duplicate characters in a string along with their count.
Input: automation
Output: a: 2
t:  2
o: 2

Selenium and Automation Framework
1. How do you launch chrome browser using selenium webdriver? Write the code
2. What is the difference between driver.close() and driver.quit()?
3. What are the difference between findelement() and findelements() methods? And what it
return if no matching element is found? 
4. How to select an option from a dynamic dropdown using Selenium? Write code to select any
city from list in “https://www.makemytrip.com/’
5. How do you handle StaleElementReferenceException in your framework?
6. What are the different types of wait in selenium — which do you prefer and why?
7. How do you handle multiple browser windows/tabs using WindowHandle?
8. What is the difference between getText() and getAttribute() ?
9. Explain your Page Object Model structure?
10. What are the TestNG annotations and explain important annotation used in project?
11. What is the role of testng.xml — how do you run a specific group of tests from it?
12. How would you automate a scenario where you need to verify if a user is scroll down a 
webpage until the footer section is visible?
13. How would you automate login functionality for a website?
14. How do you generate test reports in your current framework — ExtentReports, or built-in 
TestNG report?

JS
1. What are the differences between var, let, and const?
2. Explain the difference between == and === with examples.
3. Explain async/await and Promises. Why do we use them in automation?
4. What is the difference between null and undefined?
5. Explain Arrow Functions and when to use them.
6. What are closures?
7. How do you handle errors in JavaScript? Write a try-catch example
